hi my name is dr. Christian Hahn and I'm
with the highest paid dental assistant
comm today we're going to talk about
resumes if you're just getting out there
and you're brand new dental assistant or
if you're a veteran been doing this for
10 15 plus years
the thing about resumes is exactly the
same be memorable be different stand out
a resume needs to be sharp it needs to
be different and attach a quality photo
put it in quality font put it on quality
paper make it different hand sign it put
a note on it be different another very
important thing is after you're done
with your resume don't send it in don't
fax it and none of those things are
worth anything you need to hand-deliver
that resume to the practice that you're
interested in your goal needs to be to
make that practice where you're dropping
that resume off feel that that's the
only practice that you want to work at
bond with one person while you drop that
resume off make sure you show off your
best smile your best outfit your best
persona be memorable be different when
you get to the office and you just hang
the resume to somebody and you walk out
it's probably going to go in a big pile
of mystery resumes you need to make sure
that that person who gets the resume
puts it on top of the pile so be
memorable last but not least after
you're done dropping off your resume
and you have a photo attached to it if
you even have a link to a video that you
created about yourself that'll be a
great thing to do call back follow up
with the person that you met at that
office call them in person thank them
for taking a resume bring something up
that you discussed to show that you
remember who she or who he was and then
ask what you can expect at your back
about the resume possibly an interview
that is a simple way to get your resume
in front of the dentist sighs hopefully
that will help you and if you have more
questions or you need more information
about resumes or anything else related
to dental assisting check out my blog
ww-why a dental assistant calm thank you
for listening